[Music]
everyone told me it wasn't profitable
everyone told me wasn't possible Nick on
stage during an all-day conference where
Black Keys concert
and all the other one and everyone did
tell me it wasn't possible since we came
back saying I would straight in Kakinada
chromatic and milky chance and so when
they told me it wasn't possible to sneak
into the biggest Hollywood premieres you
know I had to I've been trying to keep
my sneaking in strategy secret but I
think it's time to show you how I do it
and how I snuck into the premiere of the
highest acclaimed movie this year
la-la-land consider the art of sneaking
in a formula and there are four main
components to this formula to achieve
success
the first one is know who you are are
you the manager be the tour manager or
you the sound guy for a movie premiere
maybe your friend is in the movie
knowing this first will help you align
your scenario if they ask any questions
now the trick here is that you do not
want to be talking to them you want to
be talking to event manager they usually
carry walkie-talkies and clipboard
bouncers are trained to say no and they
tend to get angry sorry credentials now
a way to provide a freakout here if
something goes wrong is research
component number two no one named names
of actors names the producers and names
of publishers the internet is your best
friend here but
you knew if you're Brad Pitt's brother
you're not having any trouble getting in
but if you're the fifth or the sixth
main actress friend was put on the list
last minute maybe they misplaced your
ticket through my friends even a little
last minute I don't know if this brings
us the component number three content
confidence is a tricky thing because you
basically have to convince yourself that
you have to be there and sometimes
unexpected adversity and I throw you off
but it is imperative that you stay
focused because remember your friends
inside waiting for you right now the
final cherry on top of the cake we're
taking it anywhere dressed for the
occasion
component number four you'd want to be
showing up in a suit in a bow tie to a
rap concert for a premiere you
definitely want to my weapon of choice
is the custom bowtie trust me it's a
good session thank you pretty cool
oh my god now what you just saw is
actually footage of us sneaking into the
premiere of arrival for Lowell and we
combined all of these components but
that wasn't enough we actually pioneered
a new seeking in strategy by getting a
friendly with a British accent to call
the theater two hours before the movie
starts and convince them that we've
worked on the movie but didn't get our
ticket showing the names of everyone
involved here was imperative
it took about 20 phone calls running
with the venue and then one person led
to the next we finally reach the person
that can actually put it on the list so
when we arrived at the venue no acting
needed
yes yeah they well I just three people
okay
so we're heading into towards the
premiere it looks like we might actually
be on the list this time not just for
the premiere but also for the
after-party
we'll see for you difference will be
exported for the antibody that's
ridiculous we're currently at lala land
domestically - via that go to the
attack and that's how you do it so it
actually turns out that 20% of seats at
movie premieres are empty because most
people invited will end up showing up
that's a very harmless thing to do the
point is not to be rude or be an
it's just to have a good time and if
you're lucky maybe you can get in if you
go to this video make sure you subscribe
and watch the actual video when we
crashed those three premieres
see you next time
[Music]